Load decoder.onnx only when necessary (#7564)
opencv/cvat: changelog.d/20240311_093929_klakhov_improve_sam.md

### Fixed

> - SAM decoder.onnx is loaded only when the model is used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Segment anything decoder is loaded anytime when CVAT is opened, but might be not required
```
